Oct 12  - Oct 23
	All group participants met and began daily scrum by way of standup meetings at 9 AM PST / 1AM GMT+9. Not much development could be done aside from a simple test app as much of the team's time was devoted to trying to get MacOS to run properly in a VM, or to connect physical iOS devices to be able to test on. The team spent time clarifying group expectations, code styles, user stories, and met with the project partner Scott Fairbanks to assess first steps towards the overall application, as well as the overall scope of the project. By Oct 23, the team had a running application able to receive CoreMotion generated data from the phones sensors, and was able to test it on one physical device, an iPad Air.

Oct 26
Pablo: Did not receive MacInCloud access from School
Kira: Working on developing small UI elements, Logo
Joon: Received MacInCloud but needs updates
Members also meet with TA Rogen George at 6:30 PM PST / 10:30 AM GMT+9.

Oct 27  *Scrum meeting rescheduled for later in day w/ Project Partner due to technical difficulties*
Pablo: No access to MacInCloud
Kira: Milestone 2 progress
Joon: MacInCloud working but slow
Members also meet with Project Partner Scott Fairbanks at 5 PM PST / 9 AM GMT+9.

Oct 28 *Rescheduled due to Joon becoming sick, and priorities from other classes needing to be complete*
Pablo: Milestone 2 Progress
Kira: Milestone 2 Progress
Joon: Reinstalled macOS on MacBook, MacBook and Xcode work fine, but it was time-consuming. When I tried to run the app on my Ipad with Xcode, there are some issues (signing and compatibility)

Oct 29
Pablo: Access to MacInCloud, able to test data on physical device, but needs to reinstall OS. Discovered bug: position of text fields stretched to fit iPad device, but on iPhone device, causing problems. Data still retrieved.
Kira: Tested additional sensor data, most notably DeviceMotion from CoreMotion library, and tested printing two different letters based on phones position.
Joon: Created Process Flows

Oct 30
Pablo: Completing Milestone 2
Kira: Branching to include additional sensor data retrieval, will need to be tested to ensure UI does not overlap and can fit for various devices with different screen resolutions
Joon: -- absent, accidental

Nov 02 - due to Daylight Savings, the group has decided that it would be best to change up their standup meeting time from everyday MTWThF to just MWF, and from 9AM PST (now 2 AM GMT+9) to be at their regularly scheduled meeting with Scott Fairbanks, at 6:30 PM PST (11:30AM PST) ALSO! We heard Joon’s voice today! Yay!!
Pablo: Working on test app, morse code functionality having some issues
Kira: Working on data retrieval screen, having trouble with elements overlapping
Joon: Working on menu system to be able to move data from home screen

Nov 04
Pablo: Experiencing issues with processing power when developing :( contacted Scott to resolve this issue; otherwise, working on developing morse code test app
Kira: Reworking the CoreMotion functionality into one before push
Joon: Menu and resolution issues before CoreML implementation

Nov 06
Pablo: Followed up with Scott regarding MacInCloud, was given a solution that honestly is not viable in terms of testing. Otherwise, is working on Morse Code test app
Kira: Compiled CoreMotion functionality into one function, fixed display; currently working on how to capture Accelerometer data from a start and end position, and calculating deltas. Will add in app icon images
Joon: Complete Menu Structure, will encorporate completed CoreMotion functionality to new menu

Nov 09 - Clarified today that the app will focus more on being a physical app and possible API, rather than a keyboard extension
Pablo: Progress on morse code app functionality, is  receiving short vs long press distinction; is having some UI trouble (able to type in text boxes (but not really), which makes you have to close everything and reopen again; additionally, display is different on device than on emulator)
Kira: Progress on recording, is able to start receiving CoreMotion data at will, which terminates after a specific period of time; is having problems with code files, will no longer build; will have to wait to have things properly merged before getting repository again
Joon: Implemented menu bar for all app pages, researching into coreML to convert motion data

Nov 11
Kira - Looking through branches, struct for start and end capture as of rn only start and end and create array of struct
Joon - Creating a release branch, making morse code algorithm
Pablo - Creating without touches

Nov 16
Kira - Adding data to arrays
Joon - Merging branches, getting morse code algorithm done adding space and return button instead of using keyboard
Pablo - Morse without touches

Nov 18
Kira - Investigating open source Github repository for gesture recognition
Joon - Working on presentation and will work on mapping 7 directions to letters/digits and one for space.
Pablo - Working on presentation and design for more than two directions using pitch and roll

Nov 23
All - Investigating new GitHub repository that has a gesture recognition. Sprint review and sprint planning.

Nov 30
All - Meeting with Scott to discuss plans for Winter term. Over the break begin putting the new GitHub repository onto iOS devices and investigate how the project works so that we can take it over and improve it.